README.md, before:

## DELANI STUDIO

## Project description
     This is a webpage that describes and give detailed information about delani studio. The services they do ,projects done so far and how they can be reached via the contacts they provide.
  

## Author(s) information
 Bett Kelvin
  
## Setup instructions
    - open terminal and create a directory
    - Git Clone the project :
    - Cd to the directory where you cloned the repository.
    -open the file.    


## BDD
    -when click on the image in the what they do section it toggles and give more detailed information .
    - hovering through the portfolio section it show i dialogue box of the project.
    -when details and feed back message has been entered in the contact us section the data is captured and sent to mailchimp where reply is received.
    - When the conditions in the form hasn't been met an alert message is sent to the user on where some information is missing.
   
  
## Live link
    Deployed project can be accessed here -

## Technologies used
    - HTML
    - CSS
    - JS
    - Bootstrap
    - Jquery
    - Markdown
## Contact information
     -Bett Kelvin.
     -Email:klvnbett@gmail.com
### Live Site
[live]
  
## License and Copyright information
    Copyright 2021 Bett Kelvin

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

adding license and jquery hover effects

README.md, after:

## DELANI STUDIO

## Project description
     This is a webpage that describes and give detailed information about delani studio. The services they do ,projects done so far and how they can be reached via the contacts they provide.
  

## Author(s) information
 Bett Kelvin
  
## Setup instructions
    - open terminal and create a directory
    - Git Clone the project :
    - Cd to the directory where you cloned the repository.
    -open the file.    


## BDD
    -when click on the image in the what they do section it toggles and give more detailed information .
    - hovering through the portfolio section it show i dialogue box of the project.
    -when details and feed back message has been entered in the contact us section the data is captured and sent to mailchimp where reply is received.
    - When the conditions in the form hasn't been met an alert message is sent to the user on where some information is missing.
    
   
  
## Known bugs
    -working on its responsive nature.
    portofolio hovering working on it
## Live link
    Deployed project can be accessed here -

## Technologies used
    - HTML
    - CSS
    - JS
    - Bootstrap
    - Jquery
    - Markdown
## Contact information
     -Bett Kelvin.
     -Email:klvnbett@gmail.com
### Live Site
[live]
  
## License and Copyright information
   this is an open source and it follows [license] (MIT)
